# IMPORTANT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER
-    This software is based on the use of an Apache webserver and is in fact a website. Unlike a normal public website, it must be able to perform operations on the Operating System files with advanced administrator rights. For this to happen, the software uses a background service that exchanges information with the webserver and manages the system files (limited only to the necessary files). In this way the user "www-data", who manages the webserver, does not have direct access to the system. However, this implies an implicit reduction in the security level of the system. The software itself allows the user to perform advanced operations that can compromise the stability of the system. With the aim of increasing security, potentially dangerous operations are limited to local access (from IPs present in the same subnet of the webserver). That said, it is highly inadvisable to make the web interface public, due to the risks associated with having a public website that has access, even if indirect, to the operating system. For these reasons, before using this software it is necessary to understand well what are the objectives for which it was created and its limits.

-    The software is meant to become a web development platform for Raspberry Pi board-based devices. The basic structure of the software allows you to manage services, the hardware configuration of the Raspberry pi board, kernel modules, networking boards and more. Addons can be installed on the base structure to provide advanced features. The software is therefore suitable for projects where the Raspberry Pi board is used to manage a hardware device, such as a robot or IOT devices. In this case the sw ochin_web is used as a graphical interface to manage the machine, accessible only to the developer or the user of the robot.

-    Descriptions of software and other related information in this document are provided only to illustrate the operation of application examples. You are fully responsible for the incorporation of these software, and information in the design of your equipment.  perniciousflier assumes no responsibility for any losses incurred by you or third parties arising from the use of these circuits, software, or information.

-   perniciousflier has used reasonable care in preparing the information in this document, but  perniciousflier does not warrant that such information is error free.  perniciousflier assumes no liability whatsoever for any damages incurred by you resulting from errors in or omissions from the information included herein.

-   perniciousflier does not assume any liability for infringement of patents, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights of third parties by or arising from the use of  perniciousflier projects or technical information described herein. No license, express, implied or otherwise, is granted hereby under any patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights of  perniciousflier or others.

-    perniciousflier projects are neither intended nor authorized for use in products or systems that may pose a direct threat to human life or bodily injury (artificial life support devices or systems, surgical implantations etc.), or may cause serious property damages (nuclear reactor control systems, military equipment etc.). You may not use any  perniciousflier projects for any application for which it is not intended.  perniciousflier shall not be in any way liable for any damages or losses incurred by you or third parties arising from the use of any  perniciousflier projects for which the product is not intended.

-   Please use  perniciousflier projects in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations that regulate the inclusion or use of controlled substances, including without limitation, the EU RoHS Directive.  perniciousflier assumes no liability for damages or losses occurring as a result of your noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.

-    perniciousflier projects and technology may not be used for or incorporated into any products or systems whose manufacture, use, or sale is prohibited under any applicable domestic or foreign laws or regulations. You should not use  perniciousflier projects or technology described for any purpose relating to military applications or use by the military, including but not limited to the development of weapons of mass destruction. When exporting the  perniciousflier projects or technology described in this document, you should comply with the applicable export control laws and regulations and follow the procedures required by such laws and regulations.

-   It is the responsibility of the user or distributor of perniciousflier projects, who distributes, disposes of, or otherwise places the product with a third party, to notify such third party in advance of the contents and conditions set forth in this document,  perniciousflier assumes no responsibility for any losses incurred by you or third parties as a result of unauthorized use of  perniciousflier projects.
